go are against where we are tonight way
today all right right here
hi town park doing again having a quick
car club meeting to fucking throw in
some gin Gospels tonight I here to my
right to my left right here I got the
undefeated champion of high town parks
and streets are coming in tonight with
the record of 18 and no oh 19 - no as of
last week that's right he can't catch
dudes ass tonight
this is your opponent tonight this is a
little roller mad Mario right here debut
Street hood fighting right here before
the meeting so uh coming into tonight's
fight how do you been carrying all this
week here to remind you this morning you
had a fight out fight this little guy
get done get it done and what are you
gonna do is eat your ass up okay we're
gonna be friends afterwards right you're
not gonna shoot nobody right okay Joe
Pesci coming in tonight tonight I know
you've been training hard from the last
two fights and I know you watch rocky
yesterday did the name Joe Pesci
you ready get down to work
you know me okay who the fuck stole my
fucking time clock from the last fight
all right you guys ready go
all right let's do this just do it